whoa - the rebellious children who take
counsel but not of me
and who devise plans but not of my
spirit that they may add sin to sin who
walk to go down to Egypt and have not
asked my advice to strengthen themselves
in the strength of Pharaoh and to trust
in the shadow of Egypt therefore the
strength of Pharaoh shall be your shame
and trust in the shadow of Egypt shall
be your humiliation for his princes were
at zone and his ambassadors came to
Haney's they were all ashamed of a
people who could not benefit them or be
helped or benefit but a shame and also a
reproach the burden against the beasts
of the south through a land of trouble
and anguish from which came the lioness
and lion the Viper and fiery flying
serpent they will carry their riches on
the backs of young donkeys and their
treasures on the humps of camels to a
people who shall not profit for the
Egyptians shall help in vain and to no
purpose therefore I have called her
Rahab him she Beth now go write it
before them on a tablet and note it on a
scroll that it may be for time to come
forever and ever that this is a
rebellious people lying children
children who will not hear the law of
the Lord who say to the seers do not see
and to the prophets do not prophesy to
us right things speak to us smooth
things prophesy deceits get out of the
way turn aside from the path
cause the Holy One of Israel to cease
from before us therefore thus says the
Holy One of Israel because you despise
this world and trust in oppression and
perversity and rely on them
therefore this iniquity shall be to you
like a breech ready to fall a bulge in a
high wall whose braking comes suddenly
in an instant and he shall break it like
the breaking of the Potter's vessel
which is broken in pieces he shall not
spare so this shall not be found among
its fragments Ishod to take fire from
the hearth or to take water from the
system for thus says the Lord God the
Holy One of Israel in returning and rest
you shall be saved
in quietness and confidence shall be
your strength but you would not and you
said no for we will flee on horses but
therefore you shall flee and we will
ride on Swift horses therefore those who
pursue you shall be Swift
1,000 shall flee at the threat of one at
the threat of five you shall flee till
you are left as a pole on top of a
mountain and as a banner on a hill
therefore the Lord will wait that he may
be gracious to you and therefore he will
be exalted that he may have mercy on you
for the Lord is a God of justice blessed
are all those who wait for him for the
people shall dwell in Zion at Jerusalem
you shall weep no more he will be very
gracious to you at the sound of your cry
when he hears it he will answer you and
though the Lord gives you the bread of
adversity and the water of affliction
yet your teachers will not be moved into
a corner anymore
but your eyes shall see your teachers
your ears shall hear a word behind you
saying this is the way walk in it
whenever you turn to the right hand or
whenever you turn to the left
you will also defile the covering of
your images of silver and the ornament
of your molded the images of gold you
will throw them away as an unclean thing
you will say to them get away then he
will give the rain for your seed with
which you sow the ground and bread of
the increase of the earth it will be fat
and plentiful in that day your cattle
will feed in large pastures likewise the
oxen and the young donkeys that work the
ground will eat cured fodder which has
been winnowed with the shovel and fan
there will be on every high mountain and
on every high hill rivers and streams of
waters in the day of the great slaughter
when the towers fall moreover the light
of the moon will be as the light of the
Sun and the light of the Sun will be
Sevenfold
as the light of seven days in the day
that the Lord binds up the bruise of his
people and heals the stroke of their
wound
behold the name of the Lord comes from
afar burning with his anger and his
burden is heavy his lips are full of
indignation and his tongue like a
devouring fire his breath is like an
overflowing stream which reaches up to
the neck to sift the nations with the
sieve of futility and there shall be a
bridle in the jaws of the people causing
them to err you shall have a song as in
the night when a holy festival is kept
and gladness of heart as when one goes
with a flute to come into the mountain
of the Lord to the Mighty One of Israel
the Lord will cause his glorious voice
to be heard and showed the descent of
his arm with the indignation of his
anger and the flame of a devouring fire
with scattering Tempest and hailstones
for through the voice of the lord
assyria will be beaten down as he
strikes with the rod and in every place
where the staff of punishment passes
which the Lord lays on him it will be
with tambourines and harps and in
battles of brandishing he will fight
with it
for toph 'it was established of old yes
for the king it is prepared he has made
it deep and large its pyre is fire with
much wood the breath of the Lord like a
stream of brimstone Kindles it
you